DOCS-7250 copy to edits (#38)
mulesoft/docs-service-mesh: modules/ROOT/edits/prepare-to-install-service-mesh.adoc

> = Reviewing Prerequisites

Reviewer: Not just reviewing, but also, and more importantly, meeting.
Consider "Prerequisites to Downloading and Installing Anypoint Service Mesh"
Adjust previous references to only reviewing.

Author: Done! Thanks!

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:keywords: service mesh, microservices, installation prerequisites

image::prepare-to-install-breadcrumb.png[]

> Before you download and install Anypoint Service Mesh, ensure that you review and fulfill the software, licensing, and permissions and roles requirements described in this section. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you download and install Anypoint Service Mesh, ensure that you review and fulfill the software, licensing, and permissions and roles requirements. 
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

== Audience Requirements

> Anypoint Service Mesh is developed using Istio and Kubernetes. Therefore, you must have a working knowledge of Istio and Kubernetes to be able to install and use Anypoint Service Mesh.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must have a working knowledge of Istio and Kubernetes to install and use Anypoint Service Mesh.
```

Author: No I want to tell the users why they need to have that knowledge.

== Software Requirements

Your Anypoint Service Mesh installation requires the following applications and Kubernetes environments:

> * Kubernetes 1.12+ or a newer cluster, with RBAC (Role-Based Access Control) enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Kubernetes 1.12+ or a newer cluster, with RBAC (role-based access control) enabled
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

* Helm 3.0.0 or later
+

> *Tip:* To verify the installed version, use the `helm version` command. 

Reviewer: Is this really nec?

Author: Apparently!

+

> For more information about how to install Helm, see the Helm installation documentation.

Reviewer: ditto

Author: The PM wants it.

* Kubectl version 1.12 or later, compatible with the cluster, installed on your local machine

> *Tip:* To verify installed version, use the `kubectl version` command.

Reviewer: ditto

Author: Yes needed per the PM.

* One of the following environments on which to run Kubernetes:
** Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE)
** Amazon EKS
** Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS)
* Not installed Istio in the cluster
* If you want to enable automatic sidecar injection, you must additionally:
. Install Kubernetes 1.12 with the admissionregistration API.
. Verify the installation using the following the command: 
+
`kubectl api-versions | grep admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1beta1`.
. Configure the kube-apiserver process with the admission-control flag to “MutatingAdmissionWebhook”.

> . Add and list ValidatingAdmissionWebhook admission controllers in the correct order.

Reviewer: This is a negative requirement? Hmm...I would consider moving it out of this list and giving it its own paragraph and steps. See below.

Author: Keeping it as explained in another comment about the same issue.

> * Verify that the Kubernetes api-server has network connectivity to the webhook pod and that the Kubernetes cluster follows other xref:https://istio.io/docs/ops/configuration/mesh/webhook/#verify-dynamic-admission-webhook-prerequisites[Istio network prerequisites.] 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Kubernetes api-server network connectivity to the webhook pod and Kubernetes cluster compliance with other xref:https://istio.io/docs/ops/configuration/mesh/webhook/#verify-dynamic-admission-webhook-prerequisites[Istio network prerequisites.] 
```
for parallelism

Reviewer: "Additionally, Istio must not be installed in the cluster. If you want to enable automatic sidecar injection, you must:
. Install Kubernetes 1.12 with the admissionregistration API.
. Verify the installation: 
+
`kubectl api-versions | grep admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1beta1`.
. Configure the kube-apiserver process with the admission-control flag set to “MutatingAdmissionWebhook”.
. Add and list ValidatingAdmissionWebhook admission controllers in the correct order.

Author: Istio and sidecar injection is not related. They are separate points. Can't join the together. And since there is only one point where the users have to check what is not installed, I'd leave it as is.

== Hardware Requirements

> Your Anypoint Service Mesh installation requires the following hardware configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your Anypoint Service Mesh installation requires the following hardware:
```

Author: No, it is the specific configuration we are talking about. This is a standard industry terminology.

* CPU: 4 cores
* Memory: 8 GBs

== Production Licensing and Trial Licensing Requirements

You require an Anypoint Service Mesh license to perform the installation in your production environment. Ensure that the license you specify is in a digested format. If you do not have a license, contact your MuleSoft representative.

Note that the license you obtain must contain the following entitlements:

* API Gateway: api-gateway
* Cluster: clustering

> For evaluation purposes, you can request a trial version of Anypoint Service Mesh. The trial version limits the usage of the product and is best suited for only exploring and learning the product. The trial version is not recommended for production use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For evaluation purposes, you can request a trial version of Anypoint Service Mesh. The trial version limits the use of the product and is best suited for only exploring and learning the product. The trial version is not recommended for production use.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

To obtain a trial or regular license key, contact your MuleSoft account representative or the MuleSoft sales team. 

== Permissions and Roles Requirements

Before you can use Anypoint Service Mesh, you must have the following roles and permissions:

>  

Reviewer: Remove periods from the ends of list items that are not sentences, unless at least one item in the list is a complete sentence.
GLOBAL

Author: Done! Thanks!

> * API Manager Environment Administrator permission or Organization Administrator role for your organization, to access the client ID and client secret credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* API Manager Environment Administrator permission or Organization Administrator role for your organization, to access the client ID and client secret credentials
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> * Client ID and client secret credentials from Access Management.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Client ID and client secret credentials from Access Management
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> If you provision the adapter with organization credentials, you will be able to manage APIS on the specific adapter of that organization. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you provision the adapter with organization credentials, you are able to manage APIS on the specific adapter of that organization. 
```
Stick with present tense in most cases.

Author: Done! Thanks!

+

> If you specify environment credentials, you will only be able to manage APIs of that environment. MuleSoft recommends that you use the environment credentials instead of the organization credentials. For more information about which permissions to use, see xref:api-manager::org-credentials-config-mule4.adoc#obtaining-credentials[obtaining credentials].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you specify environment credentials, you can manage APIs of only that environment. MuleSoft recommends that you use the environment credentials instead of the organization credentials. For more information about which permissions to use, see xref:api-manager::org-credentials-config-mule4.adoc#obtaining-credentials[obtaining credentials].
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> * Cluster-admin role access to the Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Cluster-admin role access to the Kubernetes cluster
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

== Configuring Your Environment Variable

> Before you begin installing Anypoint Service Mesh, update your `PATH` environment variable to store system-wide values, such as the directories to search for the executable programs.

Reviewer: You might set the audience expectation for different processes for Windows, Mac, and Linux.

Author: Done! Thanks!

// === Configure Your Environment Variable on Windows

// To configure your `PATH` variable on Windows:

> // . Perform the following step based on the Windows version installed in your environment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// . Based on the Windows version installed in your environment:
```

Author: Not needed. Content needs to be removed.

> // .. For Windows 8 or 10, press the Windows key, and then search for and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// * For Windows 8 or 10, press the Windows key, and then search for and
```

Author: Not needed. Content needs to be removed.

// select *System (Control Panel)*.

> // .. For Windows 7, right-click the *Computer* icon on the desktop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// * For Windows 7, right-click the *Computer* icon on the desktop
```

Author: Not needed. Content needs to be removed.

// and select *Properties*.
// . Select *Advanced system settings* > *Environment Variables*.
// . Under *System Variables*, find and select the `PATH` variable, and then click

> // *Edit*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// *Edit* or, if there is no existing entry for `PATH`, click *New*.
```

Author: Not needed. Content needs to be removed.

> // . If there is no existing entry for the `PATH` variable, click *New*.

Reviewer: omit; part of prev. step

Author: Not needed. Content needs to be removed.

> // . Add your directory to the beginning of the variable value followed by `;` (a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// . Add your directory to the beginning of the variable value, followed by `;` (a
```

Author: Not needed. Content needs to be removed.

// semicolon). 
// +
// For example, if the value is `C:\Windows\System32`, change it to
// `C:\Users\Me\bin;C:\Windows\System32`.
// . Click *OK*.
// . Restart your terminal.

// === Configure Your Environment Variable on Mac OS X

// To configure your `PATH` variable on Mac OS X:

// . Open the `.bash_profile` file in your home directory.
// +

> // For example, type `CD /Users/<your-user-name>/.bash_profile`) in a text editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// For example, type `CD /Users/_your-user-name_/.bash_profile`) in a text editor.
```

Author: Not needed. Content needs to be removed.

// . Add the following command to the last line of your file:
// +

> // `export PATH="your-dir:$PATH"`, where *your-dir* is the directory you want to add.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// `export PATH=_your-dir:$PATH_`, where `_your-dir_` is the directory you want to add.
```

Author: Not needed. Content needs to be removed.

// . Save the `.bash_profile` file.
// . Restart your terminal.

// === Configure Your Environment Variable on Linux
​
To configure your `PATH` variable on Linux: 

. Open the `.bashrc` file in your home directory.
+

> For example, type `cd /home/<your-user-name>/.bashrc`) in a text editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, type `cd /home/_your-user-name_/.bashrc`) in a text editor.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

. Add the following command to the last line of the file:
+

> `export PATH="your-dir:$PATH"`, where *your-dir* is the directory you want to add.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`export PATH=_your-dir:$PATH_`, where `_your-dir_` is the directory you want to add.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!
